docs: refactor hipBLASLt docs (#1664)
ROCm/hipBLASLt: docs/install/building-installing-hipblaslt.rst

.. meta::
   :description: Installation instructions for the hipBLASLt library
   :keywords: hipBLASLt, ROCm, library, API, installation, build

.. _installation:

*********************************
Building and installing hipBLASLt
*********************************

> This document includes details on how to build and install hipBLASLt on Linux systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This topic describes how to build and install hipBLASLt on Linux systems.
```

   "``./install.sh -c``", "Build the library and client in your local directory. This assumes the dependencies are already built."
   "``./install.sh -idc``", "Build the library dependencies, client dependencies, library, and client, then build and install the hipBLASLt package. This prompts you for  ``sudo`` access. To install it for all users,  use the ``-i`` flag. To keep hipBLASLt in your local directory, don't use the flag."
   "``./install.sh -ic``", "Build and install the hipBLASLt package and build the client. This prompts you for ``sudo`` access and installs it for all users. To keep hipBLASLt in your local directory, don`t use the flag."

Static library
----------------

To build static libraries with ``install.sh``, use the ``--static`` option.
This produces a non-standard static library build. This means it has an additional runtime dependency 
consisting of the entire ``hipblaslt/`` subdirectory, which is located in the ``/opt/rocm/lib`` folder. 

> You can relocate this folder, but you must set the environment variable ``HIPBLASLT_TENSILE_LIBPATH``

Reviewer: Is it "relocate" or "move"
